fix ruby rack sinatra example (#1587)
zeit/docs: components/references-mdx/runtimes/advanced/advanced.mdx

Add a Rack config file at `index.ru` to start the application:

```ruby

> require_relative 'app'

Reviewer: This works in our integration tests. Are you sure you had a `app.rb` file relative to the `index.ru` file?

https://github.com/zeit/now/blob/9badc9048cc398db937c254700986e3d45ccbf67/packages/now-ruby/test/fixtures/05-sinatra/index.ru#L1

Author: Yes, `app.rb` was used relative to the `index.ru` – Tested just an hour ago on `/api/index.ru` (root) and `/api/sinatra/index.ru` (nested) examples. Basically exact file and content structure like your integration tests, except for the `now.json`. Here I have `functions` instead of `builds`

```
// now.json
{
  "functions": {
    "api/**/*.ru": {
      "runtime": "@now/ruby@1.0.1"
    }
  }
}
```

  An example <InlineCode>index.ru</InlineCode> file.
</Caption>

```js
{
  "functions": {
    "api/**/*.ru": {
      "runtime": "@now/ruby@1.0.1"
    }
  }
}
```

<Caption>

>   Enable Ruby runtime inside <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> for all <InlineCode>index.ru</InlineCode> files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An example <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> that uses the Ruby Runtime for all files with a <InlineCode>.ru</InlineCode> suffix.
```

</Caption>

> 

Author: 🤔 tbd – if this part could be left out
